hey I want to show you how to keep end
of your trees you know I got this idea
of putting fly you know catcher so since
I do that well I put it on this tree so
you can see okay
but this urns are really smart okay but
not when you have a small trees like
this speech three that I have here you
see I put some fly catcher there and no
more ends
okay so soon as the ends see this or
smell it or whatever sent it yes they go
back and you can see really has some
peach trees on and I also got them on
this tree here and on this orange tree
okay maybe you can see it there so
that's the way I found to keep my end of
my trees because last year he was a
really really bad here you know I was
just buying a lot of inspirational you
know and killer but let's stay away for
a little while and then they go back
again and when you realize it you have
any more licks on your trees so maybe
you can follow this easy way okay so on
this tree here you know that you can see
all these little leaves because they
coming back from this tree okay so but
when they start climbing and you put
them here they don't have a way to go up
okay so well I hope you can use this and
instead of spinned buying a lot of fire
and killers and spend a lot of money
okay just keep them away from Jeju trees
okey-dokey well this is Angie oh I hope
you can use this thank you bye bye
you